but for me 15 years of being in
Nashville I'm finally after being asked
for many years would you like to write
co-write with me songs and if anybody
knows the way the music business is set
up the hierarchy the hierarchy of where
the money goes
is intellectual property is in the
songwriting and the publishing so I said
to myself you know what I'm gonna start
saying yes to those Co rights and I've
just wrote the I wrote a song the other
day with a guy who had like 18
number-one Hits and this can go either
way
they could either be very unenviable out
or they could just say dude I'm so glad
you're here I love what you bring to the
table and like I said I'm not a great
guitar player but I bring my djembe I
bring my rhyming dictionary
I bring I'm an idea man I bring the
ideas and I bring a positive attitude
and sometimes that's the best thing that
you can have in the room yeah and
someone says I'm hung up on this line I
go check this out and they go oh that's
cool and so really it's all it's just
about being present just when somebody
hires you to do something or ask you to
do something just be committed to being
fully present don't be checking your
text every two seconds like try to set
aside an hour to focus on
[Music]